some history is based on truth some on
lies the war between vampire and lycan
has raged for centuries I was a loyal
soldier in that battle but I was
betrayed and now my own kind and turned
against me the dial a hold the key to
saving our future
a powerful immortal has returned
Marcus is one first true vampire it was
exiled at a three hundred years ago what
makes you think we're gonna find him now
I was the one who excelled him going to
release an unimaginable evil
there's only one way to defeat him find
the girl bring her to me
now only one stands between their rise
you know the devastation he was captured
at the destruction
kind soon your growling like oh not like
ins or behind a new race created an
energy of their maker
me no no match for him well we're gonna
have to work on that
you are the only hope left